**General**
* Opening archives by dragging and dropping files on the startpage works again.
* Directories can be opened as archives now.
* Recent files now have icons to identify the type.
* Three tab styles to choose from.
* The enter key can be used to validate inputs once again (but it's still broken for floating point input boxes, because of wxWidgets).
* More options can be handled through the preference panels instead of being only obscure CVARs.
* Map editor launcher no longer lets you load a map in an incorrect format for the configuration.
* Any WADs in the root of a zip/dir are now opened automatically.

**Resource Editor**
* Sound volume slider is accurate since the start now (before you had to touch the slider to get it to have an effect).
* FluidSynth player can now load several soundfonts at once.
* Last color choices for tint/colourise are now remembered.
* Translations can be previewed in truecolor; which is useful if you're using the translation editor to get translation strings for DECORATE/ACS for GZDoom, instead of using it to directly change pictures.
* Entries can now be sorted.
* Added some extra colour configuration options and themes for the text editor.

**Texture Editor**
* Double-clicking a texture lump opens the texture editor on this lump
* Improved TEXTURES support
* When saving textures, only texture lumps that have actually been modified are rewritten. This will allow you to preserve comments in TEXTURES lumps if you didn't edit them.
* If there are too many texture tabs to display at once, arrows and a drop-down button allow to access tabs hidden beyond the panel's borders.
* Textures can now be sorted.

**Map Editor**
* Map editor renderer now support hi-res textures.
* Action lines handle convex/non-contiguous sectors better.
* Some map editor crashes and bugs found and fixed.
* Action lines and action paths should be a lot faster now.
* 3d mode now renders in the correct aspect ratio (will look closer to what it does in-game).
* Added option to auto-apply property changes.
* Quick texture/flat selection in 3d mode now shows all resource textures (not just TEXTUREx/flats).
* Added a few more toolbar buttons and menu items that were previously only accessible via shortcut keys.
* Various improvements to the properties panel.
* Several bugs have been fixed.

**Format Support**
* SWITCHES and ANIMATED lumps can be compiled from and decompiled into SWANTBLS syntax.
* ROTT's masked pictures with translucency are now supported.
* Fixed obscure bugs which affected Heretic II, Amulet & Armor, and CyClones images.
* HMI, HMP, and XMI music playback has been implemented.
* PC speaker sound playback is now emulated.
* DMX pad bytes are properly handled.
